Game rules and instructions:
Setting up the Game:

  At the start of the game, the system shuffles the deck and places seven cards, from the deck, in each player's hand.
  The remaining cards in the deck are placed face down on the table to be used as the draw pile.
  The top card from the draw pile is placed face up on the table to begin a discard pile.

Playing the Game:

  The human player takes the first turn.
  The system will indicate which cards in the player's hand can be legally discarded during each turn.
  During a turn, the player may only discard at most one card from his or her hand.
  During a turn, if the player has a playable card, he or she may choose whether or not to discard the card.
  If the player has a playable card and chooses not to play it, he or she must draw cards from the draw pile until a playable card is drawn.
  If the player does not have a playable card, he or she must draw cards from the draw pile until a playable card is drawn.
  When the player draws a playable card from the draw pile, he or she may discard that card or continue to draw, one card at a time, from the draw pile.
  If the draw pile is exhausted, the top card of the discard pile begins a new discard pile, and the remainder of the old discard pile is shuffled and used as the new draw pile.
  If the player discards a Wild Card or Wild Draw Four Card, the player must declare a color for subsequent players to match.
  If the player discards a Wild Draw Four Card, the next player cannot discard any card and must draw four cards from the draw pile.
  If the player discards a Draw Two Card, the next player cannot discard any card and must draw two cards from the draw pile.
  If the player discards a Reverse Card, the system will reverse the direction of play.
  If the player discards a Skip Card, the system will skip the next player's turn.
  If the player draws cards from the draw pile as a result of a Draw Two Card of Wild Draw Four Card, his or her turn ends after drawing.
  If the player discards a playable card, his or her turn ends after discarding.

  Ending the Game:

  The first player to discard all of the cards in his or her hand is the winner of the game.
Developers:
Developers:
Robert Bernal
Annabel Hung
Raymond Wong
Matt Carson
Dirk Cummings
Eric Gustafson

Version:
1.0

Build:
1.0

Do you want to be able to draw more than one card on each turn? ("y" for yes, "n" for no)
Multiple draws allowed
Enter a computer level for computer 0 (0 = easy, 1 = medium, 2 = hard):
Enter a computer level for computer 1 (0 = easy, 1 = medium, 2 = hard):
Enter a computer level for computer 2 (0 = easy, 1 = medium, 2 = hard):
Enter a name for player kComputer1:
Enter a name for player kComputer2:
Enter a name for player kComputer3:
Enter a name for player kHuman:
-----------------------------------
comp1 hand (medium):
 WW WW WW WW WW WW WW
comp2 hand (medium):
 Y8 Y0 WF G0 RS BT YT
comp3 hand (medium):
 R4 B8 Y2 RT G5 RT Y5
Current discard card: R2          Draw deck size: 79
Color of current discard: red
Your hand:
 +RR B5 +G2 G7 GS +WW +WF
Press enter to draw a card or enter a string to play card
Enter a move: 

